[***]
SHAWN.
STOP.
TURN AROUND.
WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?
DID YOU GET IN A FIGHT, SHAWN?
KIN DA.
"KINDA"?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, "KINDA"?
WHAT DID I TELL YOU
ABOUT FIGHTING?
GET OVER HERE, SON.
LET ME TAKE A LOOK AT THAT.
YOU REALLY GOT PUNCHED.
HOLD THAT ON YOUR EYE.
ALL RIGHT, TELL ME...
WHAT'S THE NAME OF THIS KID
WHO HIT YOU?
ELIZABETH.
YOU GOT IN A FIGHT
WITH A GIRL?
IT WASN'T REALLY A FIGHT.
SHE JUST PUNCHED ME.
WELL, WHY IN THE WORLD
WOULD SHE PUNCH YOU?
WHAT... WHAT HAPPENED?
SHE ASKED ME
TO SIT NEXT TO HER AT LUNCH,
AND I DID,
AND THEN I WAS EATING
MY TATER TOTS,
THEN SHE JUST PUNCHED ME.
WAIT A SECOND.
WHAT WAS SHE DOING
WHILE YOU WERE EATING
YOUR TATER TOTS?
I DON'T KNOW.
SHE WAS TALKING
ABOUT SOMETHING.
WHAT?
WHAT WAS SHE TALKING ABOUT?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
SHE JUST WENT ON AND ON,
AND I WAS CONCENTRATING
ON MY TATER TOTS.
[CHUCKLING]:
WELL, I'LL BE DAMNED.
SHAWN, I KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
YOU JUST HAD YOUR FIRST DATE.
SIT.
FI RST--
MY FIRST WHAT?
LOOK, OBVIOUSLY,
THIS ELIZABETH GIRL LIKES YOU.
THAT'S WHY SHE INVITED YOU OVER
TO SIT NEXT TO HER.
THEN WHY DID SHE SOCK ME
IN THE EYE?
BECAUSE SHE LIKES YOU,
AND YOU DIDN'T LISTEN
TO HER STORY.
WOMEN WANT YOU
TO LISTEN TO THEM, SHAWN.
THEY WANT YOU TO PICK UP
EVERY SMALL DETAIL,
AND THEY WANT YOU
TO COMPLIMENT THEM.
IT'S ABOUT
TUNING IN TO PEOPLE.
GETTING INSIDE THEIR HEADS
AND ANTICIPATING THEIR NEEDS,
AND THIS APPLIES
TO ALL ASPECTS OF LIFE--
NOT ONLY THIS GIRL,
ELIZABETH,
BUT...EVEN YOUR BARBER.
BUT I DON'T WANT
TO DATE THE BARBER.
SHAWN, I KNOW THAT ONE DAY
ALL OF THIS
IS GOING TO MAKE SENSE TO YOU.
YOU JUST HAVE TO BELIEVE ME.
BUT FOR NOW,
I'M GOING TO LEAVE YOU
WITH ONE
VERY SIMPLE RULE--
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, EVER...
EVER DO YOU MENTION
TO A WOMAN
HER AGE OR HER WEIGHT.
NOBODY BREATHE.
I'VE GOT IT.
I'VE GOT IT IN GRAMS.
I'VE GOT IT IN MINUTES.
JUST GIVE ME A SECOND HERE
TO DO A LITTLE CONVERTING.
I GOT IT.
37 YEARS OLD.
127 POUNDS.
THAT WAS AMAZING.
HOW DID YOU DO THAT?
[SCATTERED APPLAUSE]
I HAVE TO ADMIT, THOUGH,
SADLY,
IT'S JUST A TEENSY BIT HIGHER
IN THE WEIGHT DEPARTMENT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THAT'S MY BAD.
I BELIEVE I WAS GETTING
A "FUTURE READING"
FROM NEXT WEEK.
IT HAPPENS.
I APOLOGIZE.
WAIT. . .
I'M ALSO GETTING
A DANCE BELT...
YOU ARE MY
HEAD DETECTIVE.
[SHAWN]: AND
FISHNET STOCKINGS.
BUT THAT'S THIS GUY.
THAT'S THIS GUY HERE.
[LAUGHING]
SHAWN. SHAWN.
YOU'RE SUCH
A GOOD SPORT--
HEY, SPENCER...
LASSIE-FACE!
I'VE GOT
THE PERFECT CASE
FOR YOU GUYS.
I'M SORRY, YOU'RE SAYING
THAT YOU WANT OUR HELP?
YEAH.
WHAT'S THE CATCH?
THERE'S
NO CATCH.
IT'S JUST RIGHT UP YOUR ALLEY.
I COULD REALLY USE YOUR INSIGHTS
ON THIS ONE.
GUY'S WAITING TO
GIVE YOU A STATEMENT.
INTERROGATION ROOM "B."
MAKE ME PROUD.
OKAY...
WHAT DOES THAT
SOUND LIKE TO YOU?
OPPORTUNITY.
NO.
YOU THINK LASSITER
IS GOING TO JUST
HAND US OVER A CASE?
LET'S THINK ABOUT THIS
FOR A MINUTE.
GUS, COME ON.
WE'RE GOING TO
ROLL UP OUR SLEEVES,
WE'RE GOING TO GET
A LITTLE BIT DIRTY,
AND WE'RE GOING TO DO
SOME OLD-FASHIONED
POLICE WORK.
COME ON, THIS IS LIKE
IN THE HEAT
OF THE NIGHT,
WHICH MAKES ME CARROLL O'CONNOR.
NO, THAT MEANS
YOU'RE ROD STEIGER.
THAT WAY, I'M SIDNEY POITIER.
YOU KNOW THAT'S RIGHT.
OH! BOY...
WOW.
[SHAWN]: LOOKS LIKE
SOMEBODY BEAT US
TO THE ROLLING UP
THE SLEEVES.
NO.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT?
[WHISPERING]:
THIS IS OUR CASE.
HE'S NAKED.
WE'VE GOT TO
WORK THE ROOM.
I'M GOING TO WORK IT
FROM THE OUTSIDE.
WORK IT
FROM IN HERE.
NOW, SHUT THE DOOR.
[FULL VOICE]: MR...
TU RK, IS IT?
MY NAME'S SHAWN SPENCER.
I'M THE HEAD "P"
FOR THE SBPD.
YOU'RE THE WHO FOR THE WHAT?
DON'T CONCERN YOURSELF
WITH FORMALITIES, MR. TURK.
I'M HERE TO TAKE YOUR STATEMENT,
FIND OUT JUST WHAT EXACTLY
HAPPENED TO YOU.
WELL, I DON'T REALLY
REMEMBER MUCH.
FUNNY...
IT SAYS HERE
YOU TOLD THE DESK SERGEANT
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I MEAN, I DON'T REMEMBER
EXACTLY WHAT THEY LOOK LIKE.
YOU KNOW, IT'S ALL REALLY
CONFUSING FOR ME RIGHT NOW.
WHEN YOU SAY "THEY,"
WHO ARE YOU REFERRING TO?
THE ALIENS.
[GUS]: SEE?
RIGHT, ALIENS.
HERE IT IS.
PAGE TWO. GOT IT.
HOW WOULD YOU
DESCRIBE
THESE ALIENS,
MR. TURK?
WOULD YOU SAY
THEY WERE SMALL?
THEY WERE GREEN?
I-I DON'T REALLY RECALL
RIGHT NOW.
I'VE GOT THIS HEADACHE, AND...
WHO IS THAT PERSON OVER THERE?
BECAUSE HE'S REALLY
MAKING ME UNCOMFORTABLE.
I'M MAKING YOU UNCOMFORTABLE
RIGHT NOW?
DUDE, IS THERE ANY REASON WHY
YOU'RE NOT WEARING CLOTHES NOW?
HEY, I THINK
I MIGHT HAVE BEEN ABDUCTED,
ALL RIGHT?
I BELIEVE I MIGHT'VE
BEEN EXPERIMENTED ON,
SO THERE'S NO WAY
I'M GOING TO TOUCH THESE CLOTHES
AND COMPROMISE
EVIDENCE!
OKAY, OKAY, MR. TURK.
PLEASE, TRY
TO GAIN CONTROL
OF YOUR
CONSIDERABLE PERSON.
WHY DON'T YOU COVER UP
WITH A TOWEL.
THAT'S WHY IT'S THERE.
ONE SIZE FITS ALL...
I HOPE.
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL COVER UP WITH THE TOWEL,
BUT FIRST...
DOES SOMEBODY WANT TO CHECK ME
FOR SCARS?
OH, GOOD LORD!
AAH!
[***]
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
THAT I'M NOT TELLING THE TRUTH *
THEY JUST DON'T HAVE ANY PROOF *
* EMBRACE THE DECEPTION
* LEARN HOW TO BEND
* YOUR WORST INHIBITIONS
* THEY WILL PSYCH YOU OUT
IN THE END **
[GUS]: ARE YOU REALLY WILLING
TO JUST DISMISS THE IDEA
THAT THERE'S LIFE
ON OTHER PLANETS?
THIS IS WHAT I'VE GOT.
I KNOW HE WAS DRAGGED OUT THERE.
OTHERWISE,
NO SIGN OF ASSAULT,
NOTHING TAKEN...
ASIDE FROM
THE EMBARRASSMENT
OF WAKING UP NAKED
IN A FIELD,
WE'VE GOT NOTHING
TO HANG OUR HATS ON.
I GUESS TECHNICALLY
WE COULD HAVE
HUNG OUR HATS ON IT.
SHAWN.
SURE.
LOOK, IF IT'S NOT THE ALIEN
THING,
THEN HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN
THE MEMORY LOSS,
THE CONFUSION,
THE FACT THAT HE SAW
A LITTLE GREEN MAN?
HALLUCINATIONS.
NO.
WHAT?
DUDE, YOU'RE
THE EXPERT HERE.
THERE'S GOT TO BE SOME DRUG
THAT WOULD CAUSE
A COMBINATION
OF THOSE
THREE THINGS.
THINK.
DRUGS!
OH, YOU'RE ASKING ME?
SURE.
WELL...
LET ME SEE.
OFF THE TOP OF MY HEAD,
ANY SSRIs,
TRAMADOL, BUPROPION,
PROTON PUMP INHIBITORS...
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
THANK YOU.
VENLAFAXINE, ROPINIROLE...
THAT'S GOOD WORK, BUDDY.
B-ADRENORECEPTOR ANTAGONISTS...
OKAY, GOLD STAR FOR GUS.
PH ENCYCLIDIN E,
KETAMIN E,
BUFOTENINE...
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO STOP,
ARE YOU?
DID I ALREADY SAY VENLAFAXINE?
THERE'S NO WAY TO BE SURE.
WAIT A SECOND.
DIDN'T HE SAY SOMETHING TO YOU
ABOUT...
ABOUT SMELLING LAVENDER?
HE SAID
RIGHT BEFORE HE BLACKED OUT,
HE REMEMBERED THE STRONG SCENT
OF LAVENDER
AND SEEING, UH...
BARBED WIRE.
RIGHT.
WAIT A SECOND.
GUS, THAT'S NOT
A HALLUCINATION.
THAT'S A LOCATION.
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
AND I KNOW EXACTLY WHERE IT IS.
[SHAWN]: DUDE, I'VE DRIVEN BY
THIS PLACE AT LEAST TWICE.
THE QUESTION IS, WHAT ARE
THE COPS DOING HERE?
JOHNNY.
OH.
LOOK, I SAW THE PICTURE
OF THAT TURK GUY
IN THE PAPER.
NOW IT'S ME IN A FIELD NAKED?
HEADACHE? YOU DO THE MATH.
DO YOU REMEMBER
SEEING ANYTHING
OUT OF THE ORDINARY?
UH...
I DON'T REMEMBER MUCH AT ALL.
SO YOU JUST
WOKE UP IN A FIELD
WEARING NOTHING
BUT YOUR BIRTHDAY SUIT.
LOOK, I TOLD YOU YES
ALREADY.
ARE YOU GOING TO GIVE ME
A HARD TIME?
'CAUSE I'M A LITTLE FREAKED OUT
AS IT IS.
AND CAN SOMEBODY
GET ME A BIGGER TOWEL?
THIS THING IS LIKE THE SIZE
OF A WASH CLOTH.
[CAMERA CLICKS]
WHAT ARE YOU,
SOME KIND OF PERVERT?
CUT HIM SOME SLACK.
HE'S JUST DOING HIS JOB.
YOU THINK HE GETS
HIS JOLLIES
TAKING PICTURES
OF YOUR DING-DONG?
LASSIE!
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING HERE?
THIS IS MY CASE.
YOU GAVE IT TO ME, REMEMBER?
LOOK, IT'S A COPYCAT, OKAY?
HE SAW TURK'S PICTURE
IN THE PAPER.
HE'S LOOKING FOR ATTENTION.
SO HE WAKES UP
AND SEES TURK IN THE PAPER,
NAKED, HUMILIATED,
THE BUTT OF JOKES
AT THE WATER COOLER,
AND SAYS, "HMM.
HOW CAN I MAKE THIS WORK
FOR MYSELF?" WHAT?
PLUS, IT'S REALLY
ITCHY OUT HERE.
WHEN YOU GET YOUR
MASTER'S DEGREE IN CRIMINOLOGY,
THEN YOU CAN CALL ME.
IN THE MEANTIME,
I'VE GOT A HALF-EATEN ENCHIRITO
IN MY CAR.
ALL RIGHT, HERE WE GO.
YOU'RE UP.
WHAT?
DO IT.
I'M NOT DOING THAT.
DUDE...
I TOOK THE FAT GUY
IN THE POLICE STATION.
I'M NOT DOING THAT.
THIS IS A MUCH BETTER--
WE'RE PARTNERS.
GUS!
WHAT DOES THIS CASE
HAVE TO DO
WITH A TANNING SALON?
IT'S THE MIDDLE OF WINTER
IN SANTA BARBARA.
THOSE DUDES LOOKED
LIKE GINGERBREAD MEN,
WITHOUT TAN LINES.
THEY FAKE AND THEY BAKE.
SHAWN, EXACTLY
HOW CLOSELY
DID YOU LOOK
AT THESE NAKED GUYS?
TOO CLOSE.
MY HEIGHTENED
OBSERVATIONAL SKILLS
ARE CONSIDERED A GIFT BY MOST,
BUT I'M HERE TO TELL YOU
IT CAN BE A BURDEN.
HOW DO YOU KNOW IT'S THIS PLACE?
KEISER DIDN'T HAVE ANY
STREAKS ON HIS BUTTOCKS,
OKAY?
THAT SCREAMS
THE INSTA-TAN PROCESS,
AND THIS IS THE ONLY PLACE
THAT DOES THAT.
RIGHT.
PLUS, THEY BOTH LIVE
WITHIN A MILE AND A HALF
OF THIS JOINT.
UH-HUH.
I CAN'T RING THIS.
HELLO!
LOOK, I'M GOING TO
SNOOP AROUND, OKAY?
YOU FIND OUT IF TURK OR KEISER
WERE HERE,
AND IF SO, WHEN.
OH, SHAWN, SHAWN.
THIS IS NOT GOING TO WORK.
DUDE, I'VE GOT TO DO MY THING.
I'VE GOT TO MIX IT UP NICE.
BUT--
YOU ALWAYS COM PLAIN
YOU DON'T GET TO DO
THE QUESTIONY PART.
QUESTIONY PART...
GUS.
RIGHT, BUT...
YOU'RE FORGETTING SOMETHING--
[G RUM BLES]
OH.
MAY I HELP YOU?
YES.
I'M HERE
FOR A TANNING APPOINTMENT.
FOR YOURSELF?
YES, FOR THE...
INSTA-TAN PROCESS.
I WOULD LIKE THAT.
BUT...
WHAT?
WELL, YOU'RE...
YES.
UH, I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
OKAY, LOOK, SCREW IT.
I CAN'T DO IT.
HAVE YOU SEEN EITHER
OF THESE TWO GUYS
HERE BEFORE?
FRED TURK
OR PHILIP KEISER?
SHAWN. SHAWN.
OKAY, BOTH
TURK AND KEISER
NOT ONLY
HAVE BEEN HERE,
BUT THEY'RE REGULARS.
HE SAYS IT'S ALWAYS
THE SINGLE GUYS
WHO TRY TO KEEP UP
WITH THEIR TANS.
SINGLE GUYS.
YEAH.
MAYBE THAT'S IT.
MAYBE SOME WOMAN
IS TARGETING SINGLES
AT THE SALON.
THE QUESTION IS,
WHAT KIND OF A LOSER
THINKS GETTING A TAN
IS GOING TO HELP HIM
SCORE A WOMAN?
DAD?
DAD, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
THE REAL QUESTION IS,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WELL, GEORGE HAMILTON,
WE'RE ON A CASE...
OR MAYBE YOU MISSED
THE PICTURES
OF THE GUYS IN THE PAPER
IN THE FIELDS...
YES, OF COURSE
I SAW THE NUDISTS.
GUY IN THE FIELD THINKS
HE WAS ABDUCTED BY ALIENS.
IDIOT.
WHAT DOES THAT HAVE TO DO
WITH THIS PLACE?
WELL, THEY'RE BOTH
REGULARS HERE.
THEY BOTH HAPPEN TO BE SINGLE,
SO THIS COULD BE
A STALKING CASE.
WAIT A SECOND.
YOUR DAD IS SINGLE,
AND HE COMES HERE
ALL THE TIME.
EVERYBODY _|C)OMES HERE.
WHAT?
EXFOLIATING SCRUB...
WITH PUMICE.
WHATEVER, SHAWN.
ALL I KNOW IS
WHEN I VARNISH MY BOAT
AND I DON'T WANT IT TO STREAK,
I SAND OFF A LAYER FIRST.
SAME THING GOES WITH TANNING.
THAT IS THE SINGLE
MOST DISTURBING ANALOGY
I HAVE EVER HEARD
IN MY ENTIRE LIFE.
WHERE ARE THEY?
WHO?
THE QUEER EYE GUYS.
I KNOW THEY'RE HERE
SOMEWHERE.
GUS, WHAT ARE THEIR NAMES?
HOW AM I SUPPOSED
TO KNOW?
CARSON AND JAI...
AND THE GUY WITH THE GLASSES.
WHO COO_KS A FISH.
SHAWN, YOU KNOW WHAT
YOUR REAL PROBLEM IS?
YOU GOT YOURSELF ANOTHER CASE,
AND, AS USUAL,
YOU'RE SHORT-SIGHTED.
YOU THINK
IT'S ALL IMPRESSIVE,
'CAUSE YOU SEE A COUPLE
OF NUDE GUYS IN A FIELD,
YOU PUT A FIX ON 'EM HERE.
WELL, IT'S NOT ENOUGH.
THIS IS WHAT WE KNOW--
BOTH THESE GUYS
ARE TRYING TO IMPRESS SOMEONE,
WHICH MEANS
A WOMAN WAS INVOLVED,
AND THAT SAME WOMAN
WAS WITH THEM IN THE FIELD.
SHAWN SAW A WOMAN'S
SHOE STRAP
IN THE FIELD.
HOW OR WHY
SHE CONNECTS TO THEM,
I JUST...
I JUST DON'T KNOW YET.
WELL, YOU'RE NOT LOOKING
CLOSE ENOUGH.
BELIEVE ME, I'VE LOOKED
JUST ABOUT AS CLOSE
AS I CAN BEAR.
[***]
I'M WITH YOU
ON THE ALIENS THING.
TH EY'RE H ERE,
AND THEY'VE SWAPPED
OUT MY FATHER
WITH JOSE EBER.
I THINK YOUR DAD MIGHT BE RIGHT.
I THINK WE SHOULD
GET TURK AND KEISER
IN THE SAME ROOM
AND ACTUALLY ASK THEM
SOME QUESTIONS.
FINE. LET'S DO IT.
THE RULE IS
"ALL SLACKS, ALL THE TIME,
NO EXCEPTIONS."
I HEAR THAT.
I'VE REACHED MY NAKED MAN QUOTA
FOR THE YEAR.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
HELLO?
WE'LL BE THERE.
STEP INSIDE, GUYS.
YOUR CASE
JUST BECAME LEGITIMATE.
CONSIDER YOURSELF HIRED.
I NEED ANSWERS, AND
I NEED THEM QUICK.
WELL, I DO HAVE
SOMETHING, CHIEF.
I'M GETTING...
I'M GETTING
SKIN PIGMENT.
UH...
BRONZED, GLISTENING...
ADONIS-LIKE SKIN PIGMENT.
YOU LEAD ME
THROUGH THIS FIELD,
YOU LET ME ASK
ONE QUESTION,
I GUARANTEE
IT'S GOING TO COME DOWN
TO SPRAY TANNING.
WELL, THIS GUY'S
NEVER SEEN
THE INSIDE
OF A TANNING SALON.
I DON'T THINK
HE EVER SAW THE SUN.
YOU'VE GOT 24 HOURS.
CALL ME WITH SOMETHING.
[LASSITER]:
...TIME OF DEATH.
LOOKS LIKE
WE MIGHT HAVE TO OPEN A KENNEL
FOR ALL THESE COPYCATS.
WELL, BACK
TO SQUARE ONE.
I DON'T KNOW, SHAWN.
MAYBE SQUARE ONE
IS THE ANSWER.
MAYBE THIS IS SOMETHING
BEYOND OUR COMPREHENSION,
SOMETHING OTHERWORLDLY.
I HEAR WHAT YOU'RE SAYING.
DO ME A FAVOR.
LET GO OF
THE ALIEN ANGLE.
WE NEED SOMETHING
SOLID, GUS.
SOMETHING...
SOMETHING CONCRETE.
YOU HEARD THE CHIEF.
DUDE...
HOW DO YOU FEEL
ABOUT LEPRECHAUNS?
[IRISH ACCENT]:
OH, WELL, HELLO, ME BUCKOS.
I'M MARVIN.
WELCOME TO SHENANIGANS,
HOME OF THE WORLD-FAMOUS
BLARNEY STONE FAJITAS.
HELLO, MARVIN.
WE'RE HERE TO SPEAK
WITH THE LEPRECHAUN.
[DEADPAN, NO ACCENT]:
HA, HA. VERY FUNNY.
PLEASE STOP.
MY TUMMY'S ACHING
FROM LAUGHING SO HARD.
DO YOU GUYS
WANT A TABLE OR WHAT?
DUDE, GIVE ME SOME PROPS.
HE'S GOT A HAT
WITH A BUCKLE ON IT.
EVERYTHING IS GREEN.
WHAT? HE'S NOT
A LEPRECHAUN.
WILL YOU DO ME A FAVOR?
IN YOUR FUNNY ACCENT,
WILL YOU SAY,
"MAGICALLY DELICIOUS"?
[CH UCKLES]
IS THAT THE WORLD-FAMOUS
CLOVER STAMP?
THAT'S THE ONE.
WILL YOU STAMP
MY BUDDY'S WRIST?
WHATEVER FLOATS
YOUR BOAT, MAN.
IT'S FOR OUR
NIGHTTIME EVENTS THERE,
BUT HEY, YOU CAN HAVE IT
IN THE DAYTIME, TOO.
WHAT NIGHTTIME EVENTS?
WE HAVE SPEED DATING HERE.
SPEED DATING?
DON'T LAUGH.
IT'S ACTUALLY
ONE OF OUR MOST POPULAR EVENTS.
GUYS COME IN HERE, SIGN UP,
THEY PUT DOWN 100 BUCKS,
AND THEY GET FIXED UP
WITH ALL SORTS OF PEOPLE
ON LITTLE SIX-MINUTE MINI-DATES.
DID YOU SAY 100 BUCKS?
HOW ABOUT 50 BUCKS
FOR THREE-MINUTE DATES?
25 BUCKS FOR A MINUTE
AND A HALF?
I FLOAT YOU A TEN SPOT,
YOU INTRODUCE US TO SOMEBODY
FOR 15 SECONDS.
[LAUGHS]
HOW ABOUT YOU GUYS
EITHER GET A TABLE
OR I'M GOING TO HAVE TO ASK YOU
TO LEAVE THE PODIUM.
HOW ABOUT "MAGICALLY DELICIOUS"?
WILL YOU SAY
"MAGICALLY DELICIOUS"?
NO, BUT I CAN SAY "POLICE"
IF YOU DON'T GET YOUR BUTTS
OUT OF HERE.
[IRISH ACCENT]:
HELLO THERE!
I'M MARVIN.
WELCOME TO SHENANIGANS.
HOME OF THE WORLD-FAMOUS
BLARNEY STONE FAJITAS.
[TURK]: YEAH, I TRIED
THE SPEED-DATING THING
A COUPLE OF TIMES.
I JUST DIDN'T THINK IT HAD
ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE CASE,
AND I WAS A LITTLE
EMBARRASSED ABOUT IT.
WOW, YOU PAID
100 BUCKS?
MR. TURK...
WE FEEL IT HAS EVERYTHING TO DO
WITH THE CASE, ALL RIGHT?
BOTH PHIL KEISER
AND THE GUY WHO TURNED UP DEAD
ATTENDED
THESE SPEED-DATING EVENTS.
[CLOCKS CUCKOOING]
DO YOU REMEMBER
ANYTHING STRANGE
HAPPENING THERE,
OR MEETING ANYONE ODD?
THE ONLY ODD THING
WAS THAT THE LADIES
DIDN'T TAKE TO ME
LIKE THEY USUALLY DO.
[CLOCK GONGING,
CUCKOOING CONTINUES]
THAT'S BEYOND ODD.
I CAN'T IMAGINE WHY, FRED.
HERE'S THE THING,
THOUGH--
OTHER STRANGE THINGS
HAVE BEEN HAPPENING TO ME
EVER SINCE I WAS AT THE EVENT.
LIKE WHAT?
WELL, I APPLIED FOR A JOB
RECENTLY.
I WAS A PERFECT CANDIDATE.
I HAD SEVERAL INTERVIEWS,
AND THEN SUDDENLY,
AFTER THE FINAL ONE...
I WAS REJECTED.
LET ME ASK YOU A QUESTION,
FREDDY,
AND PLEASE BE HONEST.
WERE YOU ON TIME
FOR TH ESE INTERVIEWS?
YES. WHY DO YOU ASK?
I HAVE NO REASON.
I THINK THERE'S
A WOMAN INVOLVED HERE
WHO HAD IT OUT
FOR THESE GUYS.
WE NEED TO GET
A FIRST-HAND LOOK
AT THIS SPEED-DATING
PH ENOMENON.
NOT FOR 100 BUCKS,
WE DON'T.
GUS, PLEASE.
LEAVE IT TO ME.
LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT.
THERE IS A DEAD BODY
AND A MURDERER LOOSE
IN OUR CITY,
AND YOU WANT THE SANTA BARBARA
POLICE DEPARTMENT
TO PAY FOR YOU TO GO ON DATES?
YES, THAT'S CORRECT.
I MEAN, I SUPPOSE
WE COULD SPLIT IT
IF WE HAD TO.
WHAT'S THAT CALLED?
GOING... GOING DEUTSCH?
WE'LL GO DEUTSCH.
I AM NOT PAYING FOR
YOUR DATING SERVICES,
MR. SPENCER.
LOOK, HERE'S THE CATCH,
CHIEF--
I'M GOING TO BE
READING THESE PEOPLE,
PSYCHICALLY,
AND I DON'T NEED SIX MINUTES.
GIVE ME 40 SECONDS
WITH THESE PEOPLE,
I'LL BE ABLE TO TELL YOU
IF THEY HAD ANYTHING TO DO
WITH THE MURDER,
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
GUS AND I,
WE REALLY DID TRY
TO NEGOTIATE
SOME SORT
OF PARTIAL USAGE RATE,
BUT WE GOT SHUT DOWN
BY THAT LEPRECHAUN--
MR. SPENCER, ENOUGH.
WAIT.
I'M GETTING SOMETHING ELSE.
IT'S A WOMAN...
IN SEXY HIGH-HEELED
STRAPPY SHOES.
SHE'S ROUGHLY 5'2"...
JULES, MAY I PLEASE HAVE A PEN
AND SOMETHING
TO WRITE ON?
[PEN SCRATCHING]
[GASPING]
OH.
[GASPS]
"TO LASSIE. ..
"ON THE ALPINE HIGHWAY
OF LIFE,
"YOU ARE MY ALL-WEATHER TIRES.
H&Ks, SHAWN."
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
"H&K" STANDS
FOR "HUGS AND KISSES."
NOT THAT PART.
THIS PART.
RUN IT THROUGH THE SYSTEM,
AND WE'LL KNOW WHAT KIND
OF CAR SHE DRIVES.
OKAY, I'LL GIVE YOU
A SHOT AT THIS,
BUT YOU'RE NOT
GOING ALONE.
O'HARA, I WANT YOU
TO GO ALONG
WITH THESE GUYS
UNDERCOVER,
WORKING THINGS
FROM THE OTHER SIDE.
SEE IF YOU CAN SIFT
ANY INFORMATION
FROM THESE WOMEN.
WILL DO.
CHIEF, I THINK THAT'S
THE BEST IDEA YOU'VE EVER HAD.
SHAWN, I AM SO GLAD
YOU'RE ON BOARD.
DETECTIVE LASSITER,
I'M GOING TO
NEED YOU TOO.
WE DON'T KNOW WHAT
THIS WOMAN'S TYPE IS,
AND BESIDES,
YOU'RE NOW LEADING THE CASE.
YEAH, YOU KNOW, CHIEF,
WITH ALL DUE RESPECT,
I'M REALLY PRETTY BUSY
WORKING THIS CASE
FROM ANOTHER ANGLE.
I MEAN, I RAN
THE TOXICOLOGY REPORTS,
AND I FOUND THAT
ALL THREE VICTIMS
TESTED POSITIVE
FOR TRACE AMOUNTS
OF THE STREET DRUG G.H.B.,
BUT OUR DEAD GUY HAD
A PRE-EXISTING HEART CONDITION,
SO THERE WAS A PATTERN.
I THINK THE MURDER
WAS ACCIDENTAL.
AND I LIKE THAT TRACK.
NOW, FOLLOW IT UP
BY GOING
TO THE SPEED-DATING THING.
IT'S JUST A DATE,
LASSITER.
YOU DO KNOW
HOW TO CONDUCT YOURSELF
ON A DATE, DON'T YOU?
[***]
* LOVE IS IN THE AIR...
OKAY, I CHECKED OUT
YOUR TREAD PATTERN.
SO WE'RE LOOKING FOR A WOMAN
WHO DRIVES
A LATE-MODEL SPORTS CAR,
PROBABLY AMERICAN-MADE.
AND 5'2"
AND LIKES STRAPPY HEELS.
CHECK.
QUESTION--
IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE WEARING?
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH WHAT I'M WEARING?
I ALWAYS WEAR THIS.
EXACTLY.
LASSIE, YOU LOOK LIKE A COP.
NOW, COME ON, MAN--
IS THAT YOUR HOLSTER?
OF COURSE IT IS.
YOU'RE HERE
TO SPEED-DATE, MAN,
NOT SHOOT SOMEBODY.
YOU GOT TO LOOSEN UP.
COME ON.
TAKE OFF THE TIE.
I'M NOT TAKING FASHION TIPS
FROM YOU.
YOU NEED TO SHOW
SOME CHEST HAIR.
CHICKS DIG THE STERNUM BUSH.
JULES, BACK ME UP
ON THE STERNUM BUSH.
I'M GOING TO GO,
SEE WHAT THESE WOMEN HAVE TO SAY
BEFORE THIS THING STARTS.
BYE, JULES.
ALL RIGHT, COME ON.
LET'S GO SIMON COWELL.
YOU GOT THE SALT
AND PEPPER, MAN.
IT'S NICE.
I AM NOT TAKING OFF MY TIE
JUST BECAUSE YOU TELL ME TO.
FINE. SUIT YOURSELF.
[WOMAN]: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN...
[DINGING]
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THANK YOU ALL FOR COMING.
FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO ARE NEW,
I WILL EXPLAIN
HOW THIS WORKS, OKAY?
YOU WILL PICK A NUMBERED TABLE
TO BEGIN YOUR FIRST DATE.
EVERY SIX MINUTES,
YOU WILL HEAR...
[DINGS]
THAT WILL INDICATE
THE END OF YOUR TIME TOGETHER,
AND YOUR NEXT DATE
WILL BEGIN.
NOW, I KNOW SIX MINUTES
IS NOT A LONG TIME
TO GET TO KNOW SOMEONE.
THAT'S WHY MYSELF
AND THE OTHER STAFF
WILL USE THE QUESTIONNAIRES
YOU FILLED OUT
TO MATCH YOU UP.
OKAY?
LOVE IS IN THE AIR.
I CAN SMELL IT.
I SMELL CABBAGE.
LET THE DATING BEGIN!
[DINGS]
SHAWN.
THAT'S A NICE NAME.
YEAH, IT'S OKAY.
IT'S OKAY.
MY LAST NAME IS...
ULFENINDERHEINIE.
YEAH, IT'S BEEN
A TOUGH LIFE.
KIDS CAN BE CRUEL.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW, YOU COULD
PROBABLY CHANGE THAT.
WHAT'S YOUR MOM'S
MAIDEN NAME?
BUZZTEETS.
WOW.
YEAH.
"TEETS" AS IN--
YEAH, YEAH.
ALL MY ANCESTRY WERE FARMERS.
OH!
HEY, I WAS RAISED ON A FARM.
NO KIDDIN'.
I HAD THIS MOST ADORABLE
LITTLE PET GOAT
NAMED CASSIE.
GOAT...
DID YOU EVER HAVE
ANY PETS GROWING UP?
WHAT WERE THEIR NAMES?
OH, WHAT'S YOUR
FAVORITE COLOR?
[BELL DINGING]
[HOST]: MOVE ALONG.
I THINK THESE PEOPLE
MIGHT HAVE MORE LUCK DATING
IF THEY ASKED
MORE INTERESTING QUESTIONS.
I JUST HOPE I DON'T
GET PILE-DRIVEN.
[BELL DINGING]
CARLTON, I HOPE THIS
ISN'T TOO FORWARD OF ME,
BUT YOU HAVE KIND EYES.
THANK YOU.
[GUS]:
THIS IS UNCANNY.
I KNOW!
GOD, YOU KNOW, I NEVER MEET
ANYONE I CONNECT WITH
AT THESE THINGS.
THAT'S WHY I DIDN'T EVEN
BOTHER DRESSING UP.
I MEAN, I'VE GIVEN UP
A LITTLE.
I THINK YOU LOOK GREAT.
THANK YOU.
SO... WHAT KIND OF CAR
DO YOU DRIVE?
EXCUSE ME?
YOU DRIVE A SPORTS CAR?
MUSTANG, MAYBE?
2003?
THAT'S KIND OF
A SHALLOW QUESTION, ISN'T IT?
DO YOU LIKE HANGING OUT
IN FIELDS?
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK THIS DATE'S OVER.
NO, I'VE GOT THREE MINUTES LEFT.
WHERE WERE YOU
ON THE NIGHT OF THE 18th?
YOU KNOW, NORMALLY,
I WOULD WEAR A DRESS.
AND HEELS?
UH, YEAH, I GUESS.
MAYBE.
LIKE...
OPEN-TOED STRAPPY ONES?
WHAT?
HUH?
IS THAT WHAT YOU HAVE
IN YOUR CLOSET?
A LOT OF HIGH-HEELED SHOES?
DO YOU HAVE A FOOT FETISH?
NO!
* LOVE IS IN THE AIR...
[DINGING]
LOOK AT US.
A COUPLE OF KIDS ON
A PROPER DATE, HUH?
YOU GOT SOME
GOOSEBUMPS?
SHAWN, THIS ISN'T A DATE.
IT'S WORK.
YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT,
BUT HEY...
YOU'VE STILL GOT SIX MINUTES
TO ASK ME ANYTHING YOU WANT.
MM-HMM?
SO, WHAT ARE YOU
DYING TO KNOW
ABOUT SHAWN SPENCER,
THE MAN? THE MAN?
ODDLY ENOUGH,
I DON'T THINK
I HAVE ANYTHING
I'M DYING TO KNOW.
OKAY, JULES, DON'T LIE,
BECAUSE LYING IS UNBECOMING.
I'LL GO FIRST.
YOU, ME, BURGESS MEREDITH,
HUME CRONYN,
NIPSEY RUSSELL,
DESERTED ISLAND...
WHO ARE YOU GOING TO SLEEP WITH?
SO IT'S YOU
OR A BUNCH OF DEAD GUYS?
FAIR. I'LL GIVE YOU
SCATMAN CROTHERS.
DEAD.
FLIP WILSON?
DONALD FI’ELEASENCE.
NONE OF THE ABOVE?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
YOU'VE GOT--
[BELL DINGING]
YOU'RE GOING TO MISS ME,
AREN'T YOU?
LITTLE BIT.
HAVE FUN
ON YOUR NEXT DATE.
BUT I WANT YOU
TO THINK ABOUT THAT, OKAY?
LIKE, IF THAT REALLY HAPPENED.
BYE, SHAWN.
[BELL DINGS]
* ...THE WAY I DO
* OH, I'M NOT
BRAGGIN' ON MYSELF, BABY *
* BUT I'M THE ONE
WHO LOVES YOU *
* AND THERE'S NO ONE ELSE
* NO...
* ONE ELSE
[KNUCKLES CRACKING LOUDLY]
* ...IT'LL TAKE THE END
OF ALL TIME *
* SOMEONE TO UNDERSTAND YOU...
GO ON.
TELL HER SHE LOOKS PRETTY.
YEAH, NO CAN DO.
* THE RHYTHM, THE RHYME
* ALL THE MAGIC WE SHARE...
[DINGING]
THAT'S IT, PEOPLE!
YOU SHOULD HAVE COMPLETED
ALL YOUR DATES.
PLEASE SCORE YOUR CARDS
AND CHECK UP FRONT AT THE BAR,
AND WE WILL ALSO TELL YOU
WHO YOU MATCH
FROM YOUR QUESTIONNAIRES.
OKAY?
I'M SORRY.
DATE'S OVER.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
YEAH...
I JUST HAVEN'T BEEN
A HIGH HEEL GUY
SINCE
SINGLE WHITE FEMALE--
[DINGING]
YEAH.
THANK YOU.
DUDE, I THINK
THAT DARCY GIRL
MIGHT BE THE ONE.
SHE'S THE RIGHT HEIGHT,
SHE DRIVES
AN '04 TRANS AM,
AND SHE WEARS
NOTHING BUT HEELS.
HOW DID YOU FIND OUT
ABOUT THE HEELS?
AND SHE WORKS
IN PHARMACEUTICAL SALES,
JUST LIKE YOU.
NOW, WOULD SHE HAVE ACCESS
TO THAT G.H.B. STUFF?
SHE CERTAINLY
WOULD'VE HAD ACCESS
TO THE DRUGS
TO SYNTHESIZE HER OWN.
THAT'S SWEET.
DUDE, YOU GOT TO
ASK HER OUT.
WHAT, AND GO OUT
WITH A POSSIBLE MURDERER?
YOU MUST BE OUT OF YOUR MIND.
I'M NOT DOING THAT.
GUS, I GOT TO SEE HER IN ACTION.
I GOT TO LOOK, I GOT TO LISTEN,
I GOT TO FEEL!
SHAWN, IF WE THINK IT'S HER,
LET'S TELL LASSITER AND JULIET,
AND GET THEM TO BRING HER IN.
YOU SEE WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN WE BLURT OUT
OUR THEORIES?
WE TOTALLY WHIFFED
ON THE TANNING SALON.
FINE, YOU GO OUT WITH HER, THEN.
I WOULD,
BUT SHE MATCHED UP WITH YOU.
* SOMEONE WHO NEEDS YOU
OH, GIVE HER
THE SWEETNESS.
DUDE, YOU GOT TO GIVE
HER THE SWEETNESS.
THIS...
IS A SPEED DATING
FIRST...
YOU AND YOU ARE A 100% MATCH
FROM YOUR
PERSONALITY QUESTION NAIRES.
I SMELL LOVE.
[DINGING]
GO ON. COME ON.
* OH, I DON'T WISH YOU
NO BAD LUCK, BABY *
* BUT THERE'S NO
IFS AND BUTS... *
I NEED A DRINK.
I GOT TO PEE.
[***]
LOOK, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY TO HER.
I RAN OUT OF TOPICS
ON THE WAY OVER HERE.
PLUS, SHE KEEPS WANTING
TO RUB MY HEAD.
WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?
EVERYBODY WANTS
TO RUB YOUR HEAD.
LOOK, YOU'RE DOING FINE.
OKAY? HERE, HERE.
HERE'S A LIST
OF CONVERSATION TOPICS,
BASIC STARTERS.
YOU GOT YOUR BALL.
HEAD ON OVER THERE.
I'M RIGHT BEHIND YOU.
"YOU'RE STRANDED
ON A DESERTED ISLAND
AND YOU HAVE TO PROCREATE
THE SPECIES."
REALLY?
THIS IS GOLD.
I GIVE YOU GOLD.
* FIND YOURSELF A GIRL
AND SETTLE DOWN *
* LIVE A SIMPLE LIFE
IN A QUIET TOWN *
* STEADY AS SHE GOES
SHAWN?
DETECTIVE O'HARA.
SHAWN, WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
BOWLING. AT A HIGH LEVEL.
BY YOURSELF?
ON A SATURDAY NIGHT?
I'M IN A LEAGUE.
SEMI-PRO.
I COULD'VE GONE PRO,
BUT I MADE A CHOICE.
I LIKE TO GET 14, 15 HOURS
OF PRACTICE IN...
A WEEK.
WOW.
I HAD NO IDEA YOU WERE
SO SERIOUS ABOUT BOWLING.
QUITE SERIOUS, QUITE SERIOUS.
LEGO WANTS TO SPONSOR ME
THIS YEAR.
OH, MY GOD. THAT'S GREAT.
THEY ALSO WANT ME TO WEAR SHOES
MADE OUT OF LEGOS...
SO I'M TORN.
OKAY.
WELL, I DON'T WANT TO INTERRUPT
YOUR PRACTICING.
YEAH, YEAH, I SHOULD GET BACK.
I'M...
I'M REALLY NOT HERE
TO MESS AROUND.
[***]
OH, MY GOD.
I AM SO RUDE.
UH, KYLE, SHAWN.
SHAWN, KYLE.
OH, IT'S MY BOWLING HAND.
THERE YOU GO.
UH, SHAWN WORKS
FOR THE POLICE DEPARTMENT.
HE'S A PSYCHIC.
OH, COOL.
YOU'RE PSYCHIC.
NICE.
CAN YOU...
CAN YOU TELL ME ANYTHING
ABOUT MY FUTURE?
OH, KYLE, PLEASE.
THAT'S NOT REALLY HOW IT WORKS.
THOUGH I AM...
I AM GETTING SOMETHING.
IT'S...
IT'S HAZY,
BUT I'M SENSING
THAT YOU'RE GOING TO
FACE A LOT OF...
HMM.
REJECTION.
WORK-WISE, OR...
NO. NO.
NOT WORK-WISE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M GOING TO GO.
YOU KIDS GET BACK
TO DOING YOUR THING.
SHE BOWLED, AND YOU BOWLED,
AND SHE BOWLED,
AND THEN YOU BOWLED,
AND YOU'VE GOT THE TIGHT TUCK
AND IT'S SWEET.
IT'S PERFECT.
SEE YOU, JULES.
[***]
* SO STEADY AS SHE GOES
HOLD ON A SECOND.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
WHERE THE HELL
HAVE YOU BEEN?
OH, SORRY. SORRY.
I RAN INTO SOMEBODY.
HOW YOU DOING? YOU OKAY?
TOO OKAY.
SHE WANTS TO GO BACK
TO MY PLACE.
OH, THIS IS GREAT.
WE'LL GET ALL
THE INFORMATION WE NEED THERE.
NO, THE PROBLEM IS
I TOLD HER I LIVE AT THE BEACH.
WHY WOULD YOU TELL HER THAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I WAS TRYING TO IMPRESS HER
AT THE TIME.
I DIDN'T REALIZE I WAS
GOING TO BE DATING HER, SHAWN.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
LET ME THINK.
DUDE...
I GOT IT.
YOU TAKE HER TO MY DAD'S PLACE.
THIS IS PERFECT.
GIVE ME A HEAD START.
I'LL PREP.
I'LL COVER EVERYTHING.
JUST DRIVE SLOW, OKAY?
WE CAN DO THIS.
ALL RIGHT.
* STEADY AS SHE GOES *
JUST HEAR ME OUT.
HEAR ME OUT.
THIS MIGHT ACTUALLY
BE FUN FOR US.
YOU EXPECT ME TO STAND
OUTSIDE OF MY OWN HOUSE,
IN THE COLD,
GETTING BITTEN BY BUGS,
SO GUS CAN SCORE
WITH SOME GIRL?
I DON'T THINK SO.
OKAY, FIRST OF ALL,
NOT JUST "SOME GIRL," OKAY?
THIS DAME IS A LOOKER.
SHE'S A PEACH.
SHE'S A SPICY TOMATO.
HUH?
AND SHE MAY OR MAY NOT BE
A MURDERER.
OH, SEE, I KNEW IT. I KNEW IT.
THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO
WITH GUS FINDING A GIRL.
THIS IS ABOUT YOU
USING MY HOUSE
SO YOU CAN CONDUCT
A STING OPERATION.
SHAWN, IT AIN'T GONNA HAPPEN.
OKAY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU'RE PUTTING A NEGATIVE SPIN
ON THINGS,
AS USUAL.
LOOK...
MIGHT THEY HAVE
A FEW MORE OBSTACLES
THAN YOUR TYPICAL COUPLE
IF SHE TURNS OUT TO BE
A COLD-BLOODED KILLER?
SURE.
BUT WHAT IF THEY REALLY
FALL IN LOVE, DAD?
SHAWN,
YOU'VE GOT ABOUT TH REE SECONDS
TO GET OUT OF MY WAY.
ONE...
YOU'RE CHEATING.
DAD!
[WHISPERING]:
SHH, SHH. QUIET, OKAY?
SHUT UP. SHUT UP.
[DOOR OPENS]
PLEASE, COME IN.
OH!
YOU LIT A FIRE.
THAT WAS FAST.
UH...
HAVE A SEAT.
WELCOME TO MY HOME.
[CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY]
WOW.
YOU REALLY LIKE FISHING.
NO. GOD, NO.
I'M JUST PLAYING.
YES, ACTUALLY,
I DO LOVE FISHING.
YES. LOVE IT.
LOVE ME
SOME FISHING.
SOME WIDE-MOUTH BASS,
SOME PERCH...
SOME STURGEON?
WHOO!
STURGEON IS A FISH, RIGHT?
[LAUGHS]
OKAY, OKAY.
[SNIFFS]
WHAT IS THAT?
WHAT?
THAT SMELL.
IT'S LIKE...
IT'S LIKE GARDENIA
WITH A HINT OF MANGO.
WHAT?
OH, MY GOD.
DID YOU TAKE A BATH?
YES, SHAWN,
I TOOK A BATH.
I DON'T--
WITH BU BBLES?
IT'S THIS NEW SOAP
THAT I'M USING.
IT-- IT FOAMS MORE.
"IT FOAMS MORE"?
DAD, IT'S CALLED
"BUBBLE BATH."
WELL, I DON'T THINK
IT'S OFFICIALLY
CALLED "BUBBLE BATH"
IF THE BUBBLES
HAPPENED ACCIDENTALLY,
BUT WHATEVER, SHAWN.
WHO ARE YOU?
WHERE'S MY FATHER?
I'VE ACCUSED YOU OF
BEING A LOT OF THINGS
IN MY LIFETIME,
BUT METROSEXUAL WAS
NEVER ONE OF THEM.
[GUS]: SERIOUSLY,
WHAT'S UP...
I AM NOT A METROSEXUAL.
I JUST HAPPEN TO BE
AN AVERAGE JOE
WHO IS CONCERNED
ABOUT HIS HEALTH AND APPEARANCE.
I HAVE TAKEN BATHS FOR YEARS,
SHAWN.
THAT IS WHERE I THINK.
I HAVE SOLVED
DOZENS AND DOZENS
OF GRUESOME, GRUESOME
MURDER CASES
SITTING IN A TUB.
F.Y.I., HISTORICALLY,
REAL MEN
HAVE ALWAYS TAKEN BATHS.
NAME ONE.
JOHN WAYNE. RIO BRAVO.
BATH .
YOU GOT ANYBODY
SINCE THE OLD WEST?
[DING]
WHAT WAS--
WHAT WAS THAT?
THAT'S MY ROAST. IT'S DONE.
YOU MADE A ROAST?
IT'S NOT A QUICHE.
IT'S MAN FOOD.
I WOULD HAVE
GLADLY GONE OUT
AND HUNTED IT
AND KILLED IT
IF I HAD THE TIME,
AND UNLESS
YOU GET OUT OF MY WAY,
I AM GOING TO KILL YOU.
YOU CAN'T GO IN THERE.
YOU'LL COMPROMISE THIS
ENTIRE INVESTIGATION.
THE ONLY THING COMPROMISED
IS MY POT ROAST.
IT IS DRYING OUT AS WE SPEAK.
PLEASE?
NO, DAD. NO.
PLEASE, KIDS,
PAY NO MIND.
JUST PASSING
THROUGH TO THE KITCHEN.
GOT TO SQUEEZE SOME JUICES
ON MY ROAST.
GUS?
OH, THAT'S...HENRY.
HE'S MY...
MY ROOMMATE.
YEAH, HE'S JUST MAKING...
MAKING A ROAST?
ALL DONE.
JUST HAD TO...
[MAKES SQUIRTING SOUND]
[CH UCKLES]
OKAY...
LOOK, IT'S FINE
THAT YOU HAVE A ROOMMATE,
BUT HONESTLY,
IT'S CRAMPING OUR STYLE.
IT IS?
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE GO SOMEWHERE MORE PRIVATE?
"PRIVATE" LIKE WHERE?
I KNOW A BACK ROAD
THAT LEADS TO A FIELD.
WE COULD
PARK THE CAR...
UH, YEAH, I-I DON'T THINK
WE SHOULD GO TO THE FIELD.
WHY?
WHY? UM...
YOU DON'T LIKE ME.
THAT'S IT, ISN'T IT?
NO, NO.
MY HAY FEVER. MY HAY FEVER.
THE LAST PLACE
MY NASAL PASSAGES
WANT TO BE
IS THE FIELD.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
SHE'S NOT YOUR KILLER,
SHAWN.
LOOK AT THIS
GIRL'S EYES, HUH?
THEY'RE SINCERE.
YOU DON'T THINK
I'M PRETTY.
YOU-- YOU JUST FELT BAD,
BECAUSE WE MATCHED UP
AT THE SPEED DATING
AND YOU DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY,
SO YOU PRETENDED.
WOW, YOU PUT
ALL THAT TOGETHER, HUH?
[SOBBING LOUDLY]
THOSE ARE REAL TEARS,
SHAWN.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
[SNIFFLING AND SNORTING]
THAT'S REAL SNOT.
[SOBBING]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
HELLO?
LASSIE?
YOU WHAT?
I DON'T--
OKAY, OKAY.
YEAH. YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
DAD... DAD, DAD, DAD.
I GOT TO GO.
WHOA, WHOA.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, YOU GOT TO GO?
THIS POOR GIRL IS THERE,
WEEPING ON YOUR
BEST FRIEND'S SHOULDER
IN MY HOUSE,
AND YOU'RE LEAVING?
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?
I KNOW, I KNOW.
IT'S A TOUGH ONE.
IT'S A REAL THINKER.
UH... UH...
I GOT IT.
DRAW YOURSELF ANOTHER BATH.
SHAWN. SHAWN--
PICKED HIM UP
A COUPLE OF HOURS AGO.
FOUND HIM LOITERING
OUTSIDE ONE OF THE
SPEED-DATER'S HOMES.
WHEN LASSITER CHECKED HIS PLACE,
HE FOUND A STACK
OF THE QUESTIONNAIRES
IN HIS APARTMENT.
TELL ME
ABOUT THESE...
MARVIN.
LOOK, I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT ANY CRIME.
I USED THE NAMES
AND THE NUMBERS
TO GET DATES, MAN, THAT'S IT.
I DON'T HAVE 100 BUCKS
TO SLAP DOWN
ON SOME ENTRANCE FEE,
NOT ON MY CRAP SALARY,
SO, YEAH...
AND BESIDES, THAT'S WHY
THEY GO THERE.
THEY GO THERE
FOR DATES, RIGHT?
SO WHY NOT ME?
WHY DON'T YOU THINK ABOUT THAT
WHILE YOU'RE TRYING
TO TAKE A CRAP
IN FRONT OF SIX OTHER GUYS?
[SIGHS]
LOOK, OKAY?
COME ON, ALL RIGHT?
ALL I DID WAS I TOOK
SOME QUESTIONNAIRES
OUT OF THE TRASH.
THAT'S IT.
WHAT'S THE CHARGE?
"NOT LITTERING"?
SO IF YOU DON'T HAVE
ANYTHING MORE,
I'D LIKE
TO GET TO WORK.
THINK HE'S TELLING THE TRUTH?
NOT BY A LONG SHOT.
AND LOOK AT HIM.
HE'S NOT
THE RIGHT HEIGHT.
HE DOESN'T EVEN
OWN A CAR.
I MEAN, HE CAN'T MATCH
THE TIRE TREAD.
HE'S COCKY.
HE THINKS HE'S ON A ROLL,
BUT I'M INSIDE HIS HEAD, CHIEF,
AND I'M ABOUT TO HANG A LOPEZ
AROUND THE FRONTAL LOBE
AND SHOOT RIGHT OUT OF HIS NOSE
ONTO HIS VEST.
YOU SMELL WHERE I'M STEPPING?
HE HAD A PARTNER.
YOU LET HIM GO BACK TO WORK,
HE'S GOING TO LEAD US
RIGHT TO THE PERSON,
AND I'LL BE ABLE
TO PICK HIM OUT,
PSYCHICALLY.
YOU HAVE MY WORD.
I'D BETTER.
LASSITER. ..
LET HIM GO.
EXCUSE ME?
RELEASE HIM.
RELEASE HIM?
WHY AM I GOING TO RELEASE HIM?
WHY WOULD I RELEASE HIM?
RELEASE HIM.
FINE.
GET YOUR SHILLELAGH
AND GET OUT OF HERE.
YOU GOT IT.
[BELL DINGING]
EXCUSE ME.
MAY I HELP
YOU PEOPLE?
YEAH, WE'RE HERE
FOR THE SPEED DATING EVENT.
OH, I'M SORRY.
IT'S ALREADY BEGUN.
OH, WAIT.
I REMEMBER YOU.
UM, LOOK...
YOU SEEM LIKE
A DECENT FELLOW,
AND I'D HATE FOR YOU
TO WASTE ANOTHER $100,
BUT I WAS WATCHING YOU,
AND YOU'RE NOT
VERY GOOD AT THIS.
POLICE BUSINESS. SCAT.
OKAY.
I NEED TO BREATHE,
AND I NEED SOME SPACE
TO DO MY THING.
OKAY.
[GUS]: SHAWN.
OH, GOOD, BUDDY.
YOU GOT THE MESSAGE.
IT'S NOT DARCY.
YOU'RE IN THE CLEAR.
YOU'RE GOING TO PAY,
SHAWN.
YOU ARE GOING TO PAY.
BELIEVE ME.
NO OFFENSE,
BUT IT'S TOUGH TO FEEL
THREATENED BY YOU
WHEN YOU'RE WEARING
THAT SHIRT.
IS THAT A HIBISCUS?
IT'S NOT MY SHIRT, SHAWN.
IT'S YOUR DAD'S SHIRT.
HE HAD TO LOAN ME ONE.
MINE WAS COVERED IN SNOT TEARS.
I CAN'T--
DID YOU KNOW
HE ALSO TAKES BUBBLE BATHS?
SO DID JOHN WAYNE.
I KNOW,
BUT CAN YOU NAME ONE OTHER GUY?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I SOLVED THE CASE.
IT'S ACTUALLY GOT
A DECENT TWIST.
HAVE A SEAT.
WELL, I'M ACTUALLY KIND OF
AN ADVENTURIST, YOU KNOW?
I WAS CAUGHT
IN AN AVALANCHE ONCE.
IN ORDER TO SURVIVE,
I DRANK MY OWN URINE
AND I ATE
THREE OF MY TOES,
WHICH IS, YOU KNOW,
MAYBE WHY YOU SAW ME
LIMP WHEN I CAME IN.
HEY, BIG GUY.
MIND IF I CUT IN HERE?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
WE'RE KIND OF IN A...
YOU'RE GOING TO BE OKAY.
OKAY.
GEE, I REALLY HOPE
THAT WASN'T RUDE.
IT SEEMED A LITTLE RUDE.
WELL, ACTUALLY,
I SHOULD THANK YOU,
BECAUSE HE WAS AWFUL.
THAT IS
A VERY NICE NAME.
...BUT YOU'RE KIND OF CUTE.
[***]
SO, NAW BLUE
IS YOUR FAVORITE COLOR?
MINE'S GREEN.
YOU KNOW,
YOU SEEM EUROPEAN.
YOU SURE YOU DON'T HAVE
FAMILY HISTORY THERE?
WHAT'S YOUR MOTHER'S
MAIDEN NAME?
SO AFTER VOLUNTEERING
FOR THE ANIMAL SHELTER,
I DECIDED--
CAN I STOP YOU
FOR A MOMENT?
MM-HMM.
I'M SO SORRY.
UH, EVERYBODY?
I'M SORRY.
IF I COULD JUST
GET YOUR ATTENTION
FOR A SEC HERE.
I'M SORRY.
I WANT TO PICK THIS UP
RIGHT WHERE WE LEFT OFF
IF THERE'S ANY TIME LEFT
ON THE CLOCK, OKAY?
BECAUSE YOU SEEM LIKE
A TERRIFIC PERSON.
YOU DESERVE
SOMEONE SPECIAL,
SOMEONE WHO MAKES YOU FEEL SAFE,
BUT ALSO A LITTLE DIRTY.
YOU KNOW WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT?
EVERYONE DESERVES
SOM EON E SPECIAL,
EACH AND EVERY ONE OF YOU.
ALL OF YOU.
LOOK, IS YOUR
PERFECT MATCH
HERE TONIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW. I'M NOT SURE.
BUT THE POINT IS,
YOU'RE HERE,
AND YOU PUT YOUR HEARTS
ON THE LINE,
AND THAT'S ALL
THAT REALLY MATTERS.
UNFORTUNATELY,
THERE ARE TWO PEOPLE HERE
THAT DO NOT SHARE
YOUR PURE DESIRES.
THEY'RE NOT HERE TO
FIND THEIR SOULMATES.
THEY'RE NOT HERE
TO FALL IN LOVE.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
THEY'RE NOT EVEN SINGLE.
[SPEED-DATERS MURMURING]
YOU, GLENDA,
AND YOU,
MAR-R-R-VIN,
ARE A COUPLE.
AN ODD COUPLE, TO BE SURE,
BUT A COUPLE.
MATTER OF FACT...
YOU'RE MARRIED!
THIS IS ABSURD!
THE TAN LINES
ON YOUR FINGERS
WHERE YOUR WEDDING RINGS
USED TO BE WILL PROVE...
PLEASE, NOT WITH THE
TANNING THING AGAIN.
THAT NOT ONLY ARE YOU MARRIED,
BUT THAT TANNING
HAD SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THIS INVESTIGATION.
THANK YOU, CHIEF.
NOW, THE QUESTION
IS WHY WOULD A MARRIED COUPLE
INFILTRATE
A SINGLES EVENT?
WELL, THE ANSWER
IS SIMPLE.
IT'S A PERFECT PLACE
TO COMMIT THEIR CRIME.
THEY'RE HERE TO ROB YOU,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
TO STEAL FROM YOU
THE ONE THING
THAT IS INVARIABLY
YOUR OWN--
IDENTITY.
I TOLD YOU
THAT LEPRECHAUN WAS BAD.
MAR- R- R-VIN. ..
DID COPY
THE QUESTIONNAIRES
TO GET THESE PEOPLE'S
PHONE NUMBERS
AND ADDRESSES,
AND YOU, GLENDA,
CLEVERLY FOUND THE ANSWERS
TO QUESTIONS LIKE...
"WHAT'S YOUR MOTHER'S
MAIDEN NAME?"
"WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE COLOR?"
"DID YOU HAVE ANY PETS?
WHAT ARE THEIR NAMES?"
"NAME ALL THE BEE-GEES."
THOSE ARE
THE SAME QUESTIONS
THAT YOU GET AT THE BANK
FROM SECURITY
WHEN YOU TRY TO AUTHORIZE
A CREDIT CARD.
SO, WHAT WAS LEFT?
GET THE CREDIT CARD
NUMBERS
FROM THESE POOR GUYS
WITHOUT THEM KNOWING
THEY WERE ROBBED,
SO YOU CAME UP WITH A PLAN.
YOU FOLLOWED THEM,
YOU DRUGGED THEM,
YOU TOOK DOWN THE NUMBERS,
AND YOU DEPOSITED THEM, NAKED,
IN A FIELD,
WHERE THEY WOKE UP
DISORIENTED, GRASSY-ASSED,
BUT NONE THE WISER.
FRED TURK DID SEE
A LITTLE ALIEN THAT DAY,
EXCEPT IT WASN'T
AN EXT RATERRESTRIAL.
IT WAS MARVIN
IN HIS RIDICULOUS, STUPID
GREEN LEPRECHAUN COSTUME.
AND THEY WOULD HAVE GOTTEN
AWAY WITH IT, TOO,
IF IT WASN'T
FOR THEIR LAST VICTIM,
THE ONE WHO DIDN'T...
QUITE WAKE UP.
NOT...SO FAST...
BECAUSE THAT ISN'T EVEN
THE WORST OF IT.
THE WORST OF IT
IS THAT YOU TWO
STOLE A VERY VALUABLE SEAT
THAT BELONGED
TO A SINGLE PERSON,
A SINGLE PERSON
WHO BELIEVES
IN THE POWER OF LOVE.
YOU SHOULD BE
ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES...
BOTH OF YOU.
[BELL DINGING]
MURDER? WOW.
THAT'S A SPEED DATING FIRST.
BE SURE TO CHECK UP
AT THE BAR
AND SEE WHO YOU MATCH
FROM YOUR QUESTIONNAIRES, OKAY?
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
YOU KNOW? JUST...
IT WAS FROM HERE, THOUGH.
YOU KNOW THAT.
SO WE WERE TALKING ABOUT WHAT?
BEAGLES. THAT'S SO SWEET,
BECAUSE YOU LIKE THEM,
AND YOU PUT
LITTLE SWEATERS ON THEM.
WELL--
SOMETIMES...
EXCUSE ME. SORRY.
MAY I CUT IN?
IT'S MY...PAROLE OFFICER.
OKAY.
SORRY.
WHERE DID YOU...
I THOUGHT YOU WERE ON A DATE.
I WAS. IT'S OVER.
OVER?
MM-HMM.
"OVER" LIKE "HE LAID ONE ON YOU
"ON THE FRONT PORCH,
AND YOU GOT LITTLE
BUTTERFLIES" OVER,
OR "YOU PRETENDED
LIKE YOU HAD A HEADACHE
AND CALLED IT QUITS EARLY" OVER?
NOT THAT IT'S
ANY OF YOUR BUSINESS,
BUT HE CAN'T BOWL,
AND THAT'S THE DEAL-BREAKER.
I SEE.
BUT LOOK, THE ONLY REASON
I SAT DOWN
IS BECAUSE I WANTED
TO CLEAR ONE THING UP.
I DON'T TAKE ANY STOCK
IN THOSE
PROFILE-MATCHING THINGIES
WE DID
THE OTHER NIGHT.
JULES,
I WAS JUST MESSING AROUND.
I...
I COPIED YOUR CARD
OVER YOUR SHOULDER,
LIKE, VERBATIM.
YOU THOUGHT MAYBE
I SEW MY OWN PAJAMAS?
RIGHT, OKAY.
WELL, GOOD, BECAUSE, UM...
I DON'T
WANT THERE TO BE
ANY WEIRDNESS
BETWEEN US,
AND IT SEEMS LIKE
WE'RE GOING TO BE
WORKING TOGETHER A LOT...
ALL THE TIME.
SO...
NICE JOB ON THE CASE,
BY THE WAY.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
YEAH.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT, I'LL SEE YOU AT WORK.
THAT'S HOW WE DO IT.
WORK-STYLE.
SEE YOU AT WORK.
SEE YOU.
WHERE'S SHE GOING?
YOU KNOW WHAT? I THINK...
I THINK I UNDERSOLD THE FAJITAS.
WELL, WOULDN'T BE THE FIRST TIME
A FEMALE WALKED OUT ON YOU
IN THE MIDDLE OF A MEAL.
OH, PLEASE, GUS,
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT JULES HERE.
IT'S NOT LIKE WE WERE ON A DATE.
PLUS, IT WOULDN'T
WORK OUT.
I'D HAVE TO REALLY BOWL WELL,
AND APPARENTLY
THAT'S A DEAL-BREAKER.
YOU KNOW HOW AWFUL THOSE ARE.
I'M HUNGRY, MAN.
WE DON'T HAVE TO STAY.
DUDE...
JERK CHICKEN.
OH, YOU KNOW THAT'S RIGHT.